One question I probably would like to have known early in her career is
you know what is success? A za chaplain. And within my faith, success
means something very different. It means my contentment, my service
to God and how I approach that relationship and how I deal with
people. Why, while success as a leader in the military, uh, much of
it has to do with is my rank and my positions that I held in. Do the
people who serve under me respect me and want to follow me and have
the same intent? And so to really understand, that answer is, um, is
yes to both, uh, the bloom where you're planted your position of authority,
whether that's rank, whether that's location and bill it,
Yes, do it all to the best of your ability. And by doing so, you serve
both your spiritual side, which is your service to God and and both
you're gonna do the people that serve under you, right? Injustice
by being fair and honest and being successful in that realm,